Process : is a unit of execution that has its own memory space. Each instance of a Java Virtual Machine (JVM)
 runs as a process (this isn't true for all JVM implementation but for most of them). 
 When we run a Java console application, we're kicking off a process. 
 And when we're running a JavaFX application we're kicking a process as well. 

Many people will use the terms PROCESS and APPLICATION interchangeably, 
and we will too. So if one Java application (process) is running and we run another, 
each of those applications or processes has its own memory space or HEAP. 
And the first Java application/process can't access the heap that belongs to the second. 
The heap isn't shared between them, they each have their own.

THREAD : a thread is a unit of execution with a process, each process can have multiple threads. 
In Java every process/application has at least one thread, 
the main-thread (or JavaFX application thread for UI apps). In fact every Java application/process 
also has multiple system threads that handle every days tasks like memory management and I/O. 
We, as Java developers don't explicitly create and code those threads, 
instead our code runs in the main thread which is created automatically by our Java program 
or in other threads that we explicitly created. And concurrency, 
this section we're about to dive in is about how to create these threads.

Creating a thread doesn't requires as many resources as creating a process. 
Every thread created by a process/application shares the process's memory and files, 
which can cause big problems and we need to deal with it.

In addition the process's memory or HEAP, each thread has what's called a thread STACK, 
which is memory that only that particular thread can access. Later we'll go deeper 
into the store in the HEAP vs. storing in the STACK implications.

Every Java application runs as a single process, 
and each process can have multiple threads. 
Every process has a HEAP and every thread has a thread STACK. Some advantages to using several threads are:

1. Sometimes we need to perform a task that's going to take a long time, 
e.g, query a database or fetching data from the internet. This can be done in the main thread, 
but the code withing each thread executes in a linear fashion, so the main thread won't be able 
to do anything else while it's waiting for the data.

In other words, the execution of the main thread will be suspended. 
It has to wait for the data to be returned before it can execute the next line of code. 
To the user this could appear as if the application has died or frozen, 
specially when we're dialing with UI applications.

Instead of tying up the main thread, we can create another thread and execute the 
long-running task on it. This would free up the main thread, 
so that it can continue executing. It can report progress or accept user 
input while the long-running task continues to execute in the background. 

2. Could be the case that an API requires us to provide one (thread). 
Sometimes we have to provide the code that will run when a method we've called 
reaches a certain point in its execution. In this particular case, we usually don't 
create the thread, we just pass in the code that we want to run on the thread. 


CONCURRENCY : refers to an application doing more than one thing at a time. 
That doesn't necessarily means that the application is doing more than one thing 
at the same time. What it means, is that progress can be made on more than one task. 
For instance, let's say that an application wants to download data and draw 
a shape on the screen. So, if it's a concurrent application, it can download a bit of data, 
then switch to drawing part of the shape, then switch back to downloading some more data,... and so on. So, 
CONCURRENCY means that one task doesn't have to complete before another one can start.

NOTE : when working with threads, we're at the mercy of the JVM and the operating 
system when it comes to when the threads are scheduled to run. As a result, 
output can vary from run to run, and you might not see the exact same output that 
someone else sees when they run an application that uses concurrency on their computer. 
For instance, we can't guarantee in which order lines will be printed to the console 
because of the very nature of threading itself.

We can never assume that actions thread-related are going to run in the same order. It really depends
on the timing, how long a particular thread takes to run, and keep in mind that when dealing with 
threads is up to the system how to schedule when the threads will run, in in relation to that 
we can influence the order of execution by setting a particular threads priority but even with that
said we can never assume that threads are going to run in a particular order. 

Instead of creating a named class for the thread we could've created an anonymous class which
is useful if you only ever going to run the code once. But if we intend to run the code several times
then creating a class for the thread will provide better results.

IMPORTANT : it's not the same "to run" the code several times as "to start" the code several times.
We have to keep in mind that we're not allowed to start the same instance of a thread more than once. 
If we create a subclass of Thread and we want to execute the code in the run() method 
more than once, then what we have to do is create a new instance of the subclass of Thread every time
we want that code to be executed. We can not start a thread instance that has already ran. Attempting
to do so, will cause java.lang.IllegalThreadStateException.

Also remember that when we use an ANONYMOUS CLASS we have to start the THREAD immediately. 

NOTE : only the lines written before the thread we can now for sure, when are going to be executed.

A second way for creating threads is using the RUNNABLE interface. The advantage of using it is that
only requires us to to implement a single method, run(). So instead of implementing the run method
of a class that subclasses (in this case subclasses Thread), we can have any class implementing 
Runnable interface and then all we have to do is add the run() method to that class. Of course,
after that we will want to write the code in the run method, to execute on a Thread that we created.

The way we use a Runnable, is by creating Thread instance to which we will pass as parameter
the Runnable class and which code contained in run() will be executed when the method 
start() of the Thread instance class is executed.

RUNNABLE vs THREAD ================================================================================

Most of the time developers use Runnable interface, the reason is that is more convenient, and there's
also many method in the Java API that have a Runnable instance passed as parameter. For example, since 
the introduction of LAMBA EXPRESSIONS is becoming even more convenient to use anonymous Runnable instances.
When we're not forced, there's no wrong answer about it, but Runnable is more flexible and useful in the 
long run.

NOTE : A thread will terminate when it returns form its run method, either implicitly: because it reaches
the methods end; or explicitly: because it executes a return state.  

NOTE: A common mistake when creating and running threads is to call the threads instance run() method, instead
of the start() method. It'll be good to remember that we have to implement run() but we don't call it directly,
we call start. The JVM will actually call that for us. If we forget that and call run(), our application won't 
crash but instead of running the code in the run() method on a new thread, the code is going to be run on the 
same thread that called the run method.

NOTE : we can set the name of a Thread by using the setName() method.

NOTE : we can ask threads to sleep, or to stop executing for a specific amount of time, or we might want 
a thread to do something every time a specific amount of time has passed. 

It is never guarantee that a thread will sleep for the interval that was specified to, as it could be interrupted, 
or maybe the JVM has to call the underlying operating system to put the Thread to sleep and is possible that
the OS may not support the granularity (level of detail) that is asking for, for example it might not support
nano-seconds. So this operation is again, very operating system-dependent. And, as we remember the JVM 
is both OS-dependent and JVM-dependent.

We interrupt a thread when we want to stop what is doing and to do something else. Normally when we do that 
is because we want it to terminate. There's 2 ways for a thread to notice that they've been interrupted. 

1. to catch the interrupted exception (java.lang.InterruptedException)

When the run() method doesn't call any method that throws an interruptedException it should call the interrupted()
method periodically to check whether it's been interrupted and that method will return true when another Thread
has interrupted it. The way for one thread to interrupt another, is by calling the interrupt method on the thread
instance that it wants to interrupt. This means that it will need a reference to the thread instance to be able
to do it,   










 